Removes the RBAC policy from Envoy config (#26)
spiffe/spire-tutorials: k8s/envoy-x509/README.md

         - name: "spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default/backend"
         sds_config:
            api_config_source:
               api_type: GRPC
               grpc_services:
               envoy_grpc:
                  cluster_name: spire_agent
         combined_validation_context:
         # validate the SPIFFE ID of incoming clients (optionally)
         default_validation_context:
            match_subject_alt_names:
               - "spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default/frontend"
               - "spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default/frontend-2"
         # obtain the trust bundle from SDS
         validation_context_sds_secret_config:
            name: "spiffe://example.org"
            sds_config:
               api_config_source:
               api_type: GRPC
               grpc_services:
                  envoy_grpc:
                     cluster_name: spire_agent
```

Similar configurations are set on the both frontend services to establish an mTLS communication. Check the configuration of the cluster named `backend` on `k8s/frontend/config/envoy.yaml` and `k8s/frontend-2/config/envoy.yaml`

## Create Registration Entries

> In order to get X.509 certificates issued by SPIRE, the services must be registered. We achieve this by creating registration entries at the SPIRE Server for each of our workloads. Let's use the following Bash script:

Author: Yeap 🙏 . Thanks

   kubernetes      ClusterIP      10.8.0.1      <none>           443/TCP          59m
   ```

The `frontend` service we'll be available at the `EXTERNAL-IP` value and port `3000`, which was configured for our container. In the sample output shown above, the URL to navigate is `http://35.222.164.221:3000`. Open your browser and navigate to the IP address shown for `frontend` in your environment, adding the port `:3000`. Once the page is loaded, you'll see the account details for user _Jacob Marley_. 

![Frontend][frontend-view]

[frontend-view]: images/frontend_view.png "Frontend view"

Following the same steps, when you connect to the URL for the `frontend-2` service  (e.g. `http://35.222.190.182:3002`) the browser displays the account details for user _Alex Fergus_.

![Frontend-2][frontend-2-view]

[frontend-2-view]: images/frontend-2_view.png "Frontend-2 view"

> ## Update the TLS Configuration so only one Frontend Can Access the Backend

Reviewer: I'll put heading capitalization guidelines in the style guide I'm working on.

```suggestion
## Update the TLS Configuration So Only One Frontend Can Access the Backend
```

> Envoy configuration for the `backend` service uses the TLS configuration to filter incoming connections by validating the `subject alt names` of the certificate presented on the TLS connection. For SVIDs, the SAN field of the certificate is set with the SPIFFE ID associated to the service so by listing the SPIFFE IDs we indicates to Envoy which services can establish a connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Envoy configuration for the `backend` service uses the TLS configuration to filter incoming connections by validating the Subject Alternative Name (SAN) of the certificate presented on the TLS connection. For SVIDs, the SAN field of the certificate is set with the SPIFFE ID associated with the service. So by specifying the SPIFFE IDs in the `match_subject_alt_names` filter we indicate to Envoy which services can establish a connection.
```

   $ kubectl scale deployment backend --replicas=1
```

Wait some seconds for the deployment to propagate before trying to view the `frontend-2` service in your browser again.
Once the pod is ready, refresh the browser using the correct URL for `frontend-2` service (e.g. `http://35.222.190.182:3002`). As a result, now Envoy does not allow the request to get to the `backend` service and account details are not shown in your browser.

![Frontend-2-no-details][frontend-2-view-no-details]

[frontend-2-view-no-details]: images/frontend-2_view_no_details.png "Frontend-2 view no details account"

On the other hand, you can check that the `frontend` service is still able to get a response from the `backend`. Refresh the browser at the correct URL (e.g. `http://35.222.164.221:3000`) and confirm that account details are shown for _Jacob Marley_.

# Cleanup

When you are finished running this tutorial, you can use the following script to remove all the resources used for configuring Envoy to perform X.509 authentication on workload's behalf. This command will remove:
   * - All resources created for the SPIRE - Envoy X.509 integration tutorial.

>    * - All deployments and configurations for the SPIRE agent, SPIRE server, and namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * - All deployments and configurations for the SPIRE Agent, SPIRE Server, and namespace.
```

```console
   $ bash scripts/clean-env.sh
```

> # Extend the Scenario with a Role Based Access Control filter

Reviewer: I think I'd put this new section before the cleanup section. Your thoughts? That is assuming that the cleanup scripts will also clean up the RBAC stuff.
```suggestion
# Extend the Scenario with a Role-Based Access Control Filter
```

> Envoy provides a Role Based Access Control (RBAC) HTTP filter that checks the request based on a list of policies. A policy consists of a list of permissions and principals where the principal specifies the downstream client identities of the request, for example, the URI SAN of the downstream client certificate. So we can use the SPIFFE ID assigned to the service to create policies that allows a more granular access control.

Reviewer: RBAC capitalization based on Wikipedia.
```suggestion
Envoy provides a role-based access control (RBAC) HTTP filter that checks the request based on a list of policies. A policy consists of a list of permissions and principals where the principal specifies the downstream client identities of the request, for example, the URI SAN of the downstream client certificate. So we can use the SPIFFE ID assigned to the service to create policies that allow for more granular access control.

```

Author: In this case I referring to the name of the filter as it is shown in the Envoy docs. That's why it is capitalized. Do you think we should change it anyway?

Reviewer: Your logic is sound. Let's keep it exactly the way you had it. In other contexts we can use the lower case form.

> For example, it is possible to create a policy that allows the `frontend` service to obtain only data for profiles. This is achieved by defining a policy which principal matches the SPIFFE ID of the service and the permissions allows only GET requests to the `/profiles` resource.

Reviewer: I think we need to define what a "profile" is here. Also because of that, I have no idea if my change to the first sentence makes sense. ❓ 

```suggestion
For example, it is possible to create a policy that allows the `frontend` service to only read data from profiles. This is achieved by defining a policy in which the principal matches the SPIFFE ID of the service and the permissions allow only GET requests to the `/profiles` resource.
```

Author: The web app use three endpoints to get the all the data that is displayed. One of those resources returns the details about the owner of the bank account. That is the /profile resource. I'll add some text to clarify this.
Thanks for pointing it out Steve.

The following snippet can be added to the Envoy configuration for the `backend` service as a new HTTP filter to test the policy.

```console
   - name: envoy.filters.http.rbac
     config:
       rules:
         action: ALLOW
         policies:
           "general-rules":
             permissions:
                 - and_rules:
                     rules:
                       - header: { name: ":method", exact_match: "GET" }
                       - url_path:
                           path: { prefix: "/profiles" }
             principals:
             - authenticated:
                 principal_name:
                   exact: "spiffe://example.org/ns/default/sa/default/frontend"
```

> The example illustrate how to perform more granular access control based on request parameters when there is a TLS connection already established by Envoy instances who obtained their  identities from SPIRE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example illustrates how to perform more granular access control based on request parameters when there is a TLS connection already established by Envoy instances which have obtained their identities from SPIRE.
```

On the other hand, you can check that the `frontend` service is still able to get a response from the `backend`. Refresh the browser at the correct URL (e.g. `http://35.222.164.221:3000`) and confirm that account details are shown for _Jacob Marley_.

# Extend the Scenario with a Role Based Access Control Filter

Envoy provides a Role Based Access Control (RBAC) HTTP filter that checks the request based on a list of policies. A policy consists of a list of permissions and principals where the principal specifies the downstream client identities of the request, for example, the URI SAN of the downstream client certificate. So we can use the SPIFFE ID assigned to the service to create policies that allow for more granular access control.

the `Symbank` demo application consumes three different endpoints to get all the information about the bank account. The `/profiles` endpoint is used to get the name and the address of the account's owner. The other two endpoints, `/balances` and `/transactions` retrieves the balance and the list of transactions of the account.

> Then it is possible to create a policy that allows the `frontend` service to obtain only data for profiles and denied the request sent to other endpoints. This is achieved by defining a policy which principal matches the SPIFFE ID of the service and the permissions allows only GET requests to the `/profiles` resource.

Reviewer: I've made some adjustments here. We may need to chat about how to fix what I've broken.

```suggestion
Envoy provides a Role Based Access Control (RBAC) HTTP filter that checks the request based on a list of policies. A policy consists of permissions and principals, where the principal specifies the downstream client identities of the request, for example, the URI SAN of the downstream client certificate. So we can use the SPIFFE ID assigned to the service to create policies that allow for more granular access control.

The `Symbank` demo application consumes three different endpoints to get all the information about the bank account. The `/profiles` endpoint provides the name and the address of the account's owner. The other two endpoints, `/balances` and `/transactions`, provide the balance and transactions for the account.

To demonstrate an Envoy RBAC filter, we can create a policy that allows the `frontend` service to obtain only data from the `/profile` endpoint and deny requests sent to other endpoints. This is achieved by defining a policy with a principal that matches the SPIFFE ID of the service and the permissions to allow only GET requests to the `/profiles` resource.
```
